(a)

warning: push.default is unset; its implicit value is changing in
Git 2.0 from 'matching' to 'simple'. To squelch this message
and maintain the current behavior after the default changes, use:

  git config --global push.default matching

To squelch this message and adopt the new behavior now, use:

  git config --global push.default simple

See 'git help config' and search for 'push.default' for further information.
(the 'simple' mode was introduced in Git 1.7.11. Use the similar mode
'current' instead of 'simple' if you sometimes use older versions of Git)

Username for 'https://github.com': nicolemgarcia
Password for 'https://nicolemgarcia@github.com': 
Counting objects: 5, done.
Delta compression using up to 56 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 394 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/nicolemgarcia/assignment2
   a701e43..2b3e555  master -> master


(b)

git shortlog -s -n

I used the above command which resulted in a list of user names with
the number of commits done. Thus far there have been 10 commits done,
6 were done by Esteban and 4 by me. 


(c)

git log -1 --pretty="format:%ci" .gitignore

I used the above command which said the last time the .gitignore was 
modified was 2019-09-25 18:13:30.


(d)

1- Branches seperate your curreny work from the originial and prevent 
you from messing up the original in the case that something happens.

2-Allows for multiple people to work on the same project fixing different
features in parallel.


(e)

git status shows modified files in working directory staged for the next commit
git log shows all commits in the current branch's history


(f)

git log --follow -- Vehicle.h



(g)

git log --all --grep='file'


(h)

(I) What is inheritance? 

	The capability of a class to derive properties and charcteristics 
	from another class. 

(II) What is polymorphism? 
	
	Having many forms. In coding terms it usually deasl with inheretence 
	and calling on function calls executed at different levels. This also 
	includes virtual classes and functions.
	
(III) What is encapsulation?
	
	The process of combining data members and fucntions in a single unit
	called class. Wrapping everything into a class.

(i)


In the integration manager workflow each developer pushes to their own repository
and conflicts are resolved by the integration managers. Meanwhile in the Dictator
and Lieutenants workflow, the lieutenant merges changes from the developers' 
repositories and then the dictator merges the lieutenant repositories and solves 
any conflicts; basically, an extra checking step is involved.

(j)

The Centralized workflow could cause a lot of merging conflicts with each developer 
pulling and pushing into the same repository. With the Dictator and Lieutenants
workflow, the developers' work would be pulled by the lieutenant small groups at a 
time merging and correcting any conflict and then the push would be done only by 
one person, the dictator.


5. 

Yes it uses both. It uses polymorphism when it uses the virtual classes and
encapsulation by using private function which hides information.

